Add caveat for APM trace metrics with datadogconnector (#27214)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/integrations/trace_metrics.md

For a full working example configuration with the Datadog exporter, see [`trace-metrics.yaml`][3].

## Known issues

> Datadog Connector does not support [Datadog Agent host tags](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/metrics/metrics_namespace/) on APM Trace Metrics calculated by the Datadog Connector. Second primary tag can be set with a workaround: instructions [here][4] and [here][5]; contact support for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Datadog Connector, host tags configured in the Datadog Agent are not applied to [APM Trace Metrics][6]. To configure tags for trace filtering:

1. Set the environment tag using the `deployment.environment` resource attribute.
1. Add secondary tags using the transform processor on your spans.

For more information about how Datadog handles host tags and metadata with OpenTelemetry, see [Infrastructure Host Mapping][4] and [Hostname Mapping][5].

Contact [Datadog Support][7] if you need assistance with specific tag configurations.
```
